>>[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>ROBERT PHOENIX: Hi
there, and welcome back
to another episode of
"The Eleventh House."
I'm Robert Phoenix,
And today we are
going to look at
something that's
pretty newsworthy
and very current
and will probably have
a fairly long tail
both in our current news
cycle and as we move forward
into the future.
And I'm talking about
what's happening in Ukraine,
and we're going to look at the
astrology of the event related
to the Ukrainian, quote
unquote, "Revolution."
And we're going to look at some
historical players, both past,
present, and future and try
to determine where this is all
going and what the impetus
for the Ukrainian Revolution
might actually be.
So without further ado,
let's jump into this
and get "Ukraine
in the Membrane."
Here's Ukraine.
This is the flag.
It's the blue.
It's the yellow.
You guys have seen it,
fairly popular color scheme
these days.
So what's interesting
about Ukraine
is that the inhabitants
for that area
can be traced back
for 44,000 years.
So this is actually a fairly
ancient part of the world.
And in fact, if you go to
the east and then the south
and you get into
Crimea, there have
been pyramids that have been
discovered there recently.
I'm sure they've been
discovered before this,
but they become newsworthy
over the past couple of weeks.
So that will attest to
the ancient relationship
to a almost antediluvian
culture that
exists in this part of the
world, probably even back
further than 44,000 years.
There are 18 languages
spoken in Ukraine,
so it's a diverse population.
And at the end of the
seventh century AD,
Eastern Ukraine,
which is kind of what
we're talking about now
because the Eastern Ukraine
has become the area
that in some ways
staged or was very
prevalent in this revolution
and has also brought
forth its current leader,
its prime minister.
So Eastern Ukraine was the
center of Old Great Bulgaria.
So it gives you kind
of an understanding
of sort of the topography
of that region.
And we'll look at Ukraine
on the map in a second.
Then the Bulgarian
tribes migrated,
and Ukraine was taken
over by the Khazars.
And we're going to talk about
the Khazars a little bit,
especially as we get further
into today's episode.
It's a controversial
subject and topic,
and we're going to try to
treat it as intelligently
and as thoughtfully
as we possibly can.
But it's a really interesting
piece of history that has,
I think, a lot of
resonance to what's
taking place in Ukraine today.
So let's move forward here.
So the Ukrainian
Revolution took place
between February 18
and February 24th.
Those are the final
degrees of Aries,
and we're going to look at
the chart for that time,
specifically February 18
when everything kicked off,
and we're going to see
the role Aquarius plays
in the revolution
of Ukraine, and not
just Ukraine but some
other countries as well.
Ukraine is the home of
the domesticated horse.
Horses were
domesticated in Ukraine.
And where are we?
We are in the "Year
of the Horse."
It's one of those
interesting little factoids
that kind of come
together when we
start to mash these
synchronicities up,
and there are quite
a few as you'll see.
Now, here we have Katy Perry.
And of course, she's
sporting the Eye of Horus,
literally the eye.
I mean, they're getting
really incredibly blatant
with their symbolism
in these videos.
They don't really care anymore.
They're just going to throw
it in everybody's face.
It's just all a real joke now.
So "Dark Horse," her video,
debuted on 1/26/14, and that
was during the Grammys.
And of course, the sign
was under Aquarius.
The sun sign was
Aquarius at that time.
And that's really just a
few days before February 2,
actually it was
February 1, which
was when Philip Seymour
Hoffman died in New York City
just prior to the
Super Bowl, which
had the Denver Broncos, another
horse symbol, very prevalent
in the theater of the
Super Bowl and this kind
of astrological matrix that
we're working with here.
And what's also
interesting is that Philip
means "lover of horses."
So now we have this horse
theme in the Year of the Horse
being sort of concurrent
throughout all this.
And the video for "Dark
Horse" was released on 2/20/14
while Ukraine was
having its revolution.
It's pretty interesting
in terms of timing.
If you haven't seen
Katy Perry's performance
of "Dark Horse" on the
Grammys, I highly recommend it.
It is a fairly dark
ritual in and of itself
and kind of worth
your time if you're
into deconstructing
these kinds of things.
So this gives you an
idea and an example
of the geography of Ukraine.
So the eastern part is really
where all the action is taking
place, and this is the area
that was occupied by the Khazars
at one point in time.
So not only did the
Ukrainian Revolution
take place during the
final degrees of Aquarius,
but if we look at the
color revolutions,
they also took place on 1/27/11.
That's right at the
beginning of Aquarius.
That is the Yemeni Revolution.
And then it rolls right into the
first Egyptian Revolution, not
the second one, but
the first one, 1/25.
This one didn't last
that long, did it?
No, it was kind
of over in a day.
Actually, it was
a month, 30 days.
And this one lasted until
2/11/11, at least the first
go 'round.
And then they tried to crank
it up here in Libya on 2/15.
Again, 1/25 is Aquarius.
2/15 is also Aquarius.
But Gadaffi, he didn't really
go down all that easily,
so they really couldn't
turn the tables
until the 23rd of
October, which would
make it the first
day of Scorpio.
So we would have here a square
between Aquarius and Scorpio.
That is the alchemical square.
Aquarius is the eagle, and
Scorpio is the serpent.
So they had performed some
kind of alchemical, magical act
as part of the
Libyan Revolution.
And then, of course, here we
have Ukrainian Revolution,
2/18/13 to 2/23/14.
And while I was
looking for pictures
to represent these revolutions,
it was really interesting,
because with almost
every revolution,
I was able to find a person
who is front and center raising
their arms in some sort of
triumphant sort of gesture.
And so it was almost like they
were brought in from revolution
casting central so
that they could depict
a moment of victory in
the individual, right?
This is Aquarius.
This is the individual rising
kind of above the masses,
and yet the masses are
still involved here.
So these are symbols of Aquarius
during these revolutions.
Now, you have to
ask yourself, why
are they starting
these revolutions
during the month of Aquarius?
Well, of course,
Aquarius is rebellious
and is synonymous
with revolution.
So we're seeing this as part of
the astrological event canon.
But perhaps there
is another reason.
Here's Aquarius right
there between Capricorn
and the fish over here,
and it's the water bearer.
I just wanted to give you
kind of an astronomical
view of Aquarius.
And here's the
chart for Ukraine,
which takes place on the 18th,
and this is Kiev 6:00 AM.
I like to start charts
early in the morning,
and so here we have
6:00 AM in Ukraine.
And what we have here, which
is, again, pretty interesting,
the start of the day, right, we
have, what's on the ascendant?
Aquarius.
And we have 0 degrees
on every point here.
These are all the fixed
angles of the chart.
Aquarius.
And down here we have Taurus,
and over here we have Leo,
and over here we have Scorpio.
So on the beginning,
the morning,
the dawn of the
new day when it all
started in Ukraine on
the 18th of February,
Aquarius is rising.
Aquarius is in the ascendant.
And when we have these 0 points
here, these are like portals.
The 0 degree is the
most potent degree
of any astrological sign.
The 29th degree is
the least potent.
The energy of the
sun is almost gone.
The 0 degree, the fullness
and the resonance of the sign
is complete.
It's complete, and it's newly
born with that 0 degree.
The 0 degrees, again,
represents everything.
It represents
everything and nothing.
It's a portal.
So what we have here-- let's
just kind of break some of this
down a little bit-- we have
the 29th degree of Aquarius.
To me, whenever we're
dealing with the 29th degree,
the anoretic degree, which
is, again, quite opposite
or in opposite.
It's not in opposition, but
it's very different than the 0
degree, it's a very
unstable degree.
There are endings
and beginnings.
The energy of the sign
is almost dissipated.
So by the time the revolution
finally kind of, you know,
ends, and we have this whatever
new provisional government
in Ukraine is, the
sun had already
moved into the early
degrees of Pisces.
But here it's an Aquarius.
We have Mercury in
Aquarius conjunct the sun,
and it gives the sun a
little bit more energy.
But it's squaring Saturn.
We're into the
Saturn square, which
makes this, in some ways--
the squares can be used
to build strength, but they
can also put a lot of stress
on any given situation.
So the Saturn sun
square would indicate
that, especially at the
29th degree of Aquarius,
that this is tenuous
at best, that there
may be some really strong
possibility with these 0
degrees, and
especially launching
this on the 18th in the
dawn of the new day.
However, this sun and
squaring Saturn in Scorpio
makes it challenging.
There's a-- the third
hexagram in the I Ching.
It's called difficulty
at the beginning.
That would apply to this chart,
especially with these degrees.
Now, what's also
interesting here
is we have Chiron and Neptune,
some of the Piscean energy
I'm talking about, in
the first house, which
means that there should be some
kind of spiritual vulnerability
that would be taking place
as part of this as well.
That obviously,
one of the things
that happens with
revolutions, especially
if they're marketed
correctly, is
that they can evoke
a sense of compassion
around people around the world.
And of course, we
had people that
were killed by shooters
in the Ukraine.
So that would open up this
sort of compassionate channel,
and then people would
say, hey, the Russians are
the bad guys or the thugs.
They're the ones that
probably did this,
in the case that may not
actually be the case.
However, Chiron and
Neptune evoke a type of-- I
don't want to say a victim
mentality, but I will say it.
It's a victim mentality here
with Chiron in the first house.
So we feel sorry.
We have a sense of compassion.
And it opens us up in some ways.
And if we look at this, right,
we look at the progression,
we open up to Chiron, which
is the spiritual suffering.
We open up to Neptune which
is right after Chiron, which
is the potential
spiritual redemption.
And that brings
us into Aquarius,
so we're more readily
able to accept
the Aquarian energies
that follow this.
So let's get into this
a little bit more.
What we also have here is
we have a massive cardinal
cross here.
Look at this cross.
We have Jupiter opposing Pluto
at 10 degrees, Pluto at 12,
and then we have Venus
also in Capricorn.
Now, whenever you see
planets in the twelfth house,
generally it means that
there's something going on
behind the scenes.
There are machinations.
There are relationships.
There's energy.
There's impetus.
There's motivation.
And you can't see it.
It's happening at a
pretty deep level, right?
Now, a few shows ago, I did a
comparative kind of analysis
on Russia's chart and
the United States' chart.
And when we looked at Russia's
chart, what did we see?
We saw a bunch of planets
in the sign of Capricorn.
I think Russia, when it
had its new constitution,
I think it had a stellium of
four planets in Capricorn.
And of course, the United
States is a Cancer country.
So what do we have here?
We have Jupiter and
Cancer squaring off
against Pluto and
Venus in Capricorn.
So essentially,
what we have, again,
using the astrological symbols
of the United States and Russia
in opposition.
And here, in the twelfth
house, it's hidden.
Russia's role behind all of
this, theoretically, is hidden.
But there's also
another aspect to this,
which we have to
take into account.
Pluto in Capricorn represents
the corporatocracy.
It happened.
It took place in 2009
to 2010 on the heels
of the banking crisis.
This is when the
corporatocracy came to power.
That's when the United States
government got more involved
in the concept of
business, and business
got more involved in government.
And so what we have here is
we have these forces colluding
together throughout
Pluto in Capricorn.
I've given the examples before.
I'll just give you
another example again.
Mike Taylor, who used
to work for Monsanto,
came over to the United
States, and now he's
working for the FDA and writing
the legislation and the Food
Safety Act for Monsanto.
This happens all the time, but
it's become much more prevalent
since Pluto's come
into Capricorn.
So what we have here in Pluto
in Capricorn at 12 degrees
and then Venus in Capricorn
at 15 degrees-- I'm sorry,
18 degrees, is the
relationship of the plutocracy
or this corporatocracy
as the hidden hand
in the twelfth house.
That's what this represents.
But there's also Russia
happening in here as well.
Now, what we also have is
we have the Moon in Libra.
Hey, if you're going to start
a new country and a revolution,
Moon in Libra is a
good place for the moon
to be because you want to
have some kind of equilibrium,
some kind of synergy,
some kind of mediation
balance between the right
and the left, democracy
and the rule of a leader, or
somebody who's been appointed
to run the country, or vote
it in, whatever that is,
Moon in Libra, not a
bad planet to have.
It's up here.
It's in the eighth house.
But again, it's behind
the scenes, right?
The eighth house represents
occluded material.
So not only do we have here
Pluto and Venus being occluded,
we also have the Moon and
Mars and the true node,
which is in 0 degrees Scorpio.
It's going backwards
towards Libra.
So that's, again, it's all
taking place behind the scenes,
underneath the
surface of things.
So there's lots of stuff
happening with the Ukraine,
or Ukraine-- we don't use
"the" anymore-- that we
don't necessarily
understand or know about.
Generally speaking, when we
see Libra here in the eighth,
and when we see Venus,
which rules Libra, over here
in the twelfth, there are
deals being made, because Libra
represents negotiations,
right, mediation.
And when it's happening
all in the eighth
and the twelfth
house, it's hidden.
It's behind the scenes.
Now, the Moon is
opposing Uranus.
But when Uranus is in the second
house here, very unstable.
The second house is
the House of Values.
It's Taurus.
It's fixity.
Its being really super-grounded.
It's really basic stuff,
right, the second house.
You know, it's the foundation.
If you want to build a
foundation for a revolution--
and again, this is at 6
o'clock in the morning,
so I'm using the
start of the day,
this is when it's all
happening, all taking place,
crack of dawn in Ukraine--
this is not a great planet
to have in the second house
because it's unstable.
Uranus is an unstable planet.
And it's Aries, right?
So here we have
the energy of war,
which is Aries, Uranus,
the energy of revolution,
in the second house, and it's
opposing the Moon in Libra.
So you know, the potential
for a peaceful resolution,
which would be Moon in
Libra, is occluded here
in the eighth house.
And what we're getting is we're
getting this Uranian energy
in the second, which
is incredibly unstable.
Now, there's some
interesting energies
between Mars, which is at
the end degree of Libra, 26.
It's going reverse
now, retrograde.
But it is trining the Sun,
and it is trining Mercury.
So what we'll have
here is we'll have
some sympathetic energy
coming from Mars, which
is all about
equality, and liberte,
and these very kind of
democratic and revolutionary
ideals.
So it is feeding into the
conjunction of Mercury
and the Sun in Aquarius.
So there's some energy
here supporting this.
But again, it's hidden.
It's behind the scenes.
Who is it?
Who are the players
behind the scenes?
What's driving this
revolution, or who's
driving the revolution?
Well, let's check this out.
This is Srdja Popovic.
He is-- Look at those eyes.
Don't stare at it too long,
you might get possessed.
So Srdja Popovic, he
is the head of Otpor!,
and he's also the head of
CANVAS, C-A-N-V-A-S. And Otpor!
was the group that basically
ousted Milosevic in Serbia.
And Otpor!
created the manual
for revolutions.
They've got all
these touchpoints,
and they've got all these
activities and exercises.
They're kind of like
the European version
of Saul Alinsky's community
organizing and Rules
for Radicals.
Now, Otpor! and Popovic,
they've taken their lead
from Gene Sharp, who I've
talked about before on the show
as well.
Gene Sharp happens
to be an Aquarius,
and he's kind of the father,
the dean of revolution
on the planet right now.
And he, of course, is the head
of the Einstein Institute,
which gets into non-violent
confrontation and things
like this.
So Otpor!
created the manual.
They created the template
when they ousted Milosevic.
And Otpor!
was brought in to the
color revolutions as well.
CANVAS, they're
CANVAS now, they were
brought into the color
revolutions as well.
And if you look at what
happened with Ukraine,
and if you look at what
happened with Libya and Yemen,
and particularly Egypt, almost
point for point for point,
the blueprint of the revolution
matches each of those events.
And they line up with the
touchpoints and the principles
of leading a revolution,
staging a revolution
that Otpor! and
CANVAS have put out.
Now, what is Srdja Popovic?
Well, guess what?
He's an Aquarius.
There we go.
There's Aquarius again
coming to our consciousness
as it relates to revolution.
What's interesting
about Popovic's chart
is that there's no
water in the chart.
You see that?
There's no water.
It's all air.
It's all fire.
And it's got some earth.
It's all ideology.
It's ideology.
And we have 25 degrees
Capricorn Venus, right?
If you go back, go
back, back, back,
let's go back in
time, boom, boom.
Where's Capricorn over here?
It's in the twelfth house.
So Venus at 25 degrees would
be over here, again hidden
in the twelfth house.
And Popovic, his
Venus would be here
in that hidden and
occluded house.
It's kind of interesting.
So he has Venus at
25 degrees, and he
has the Moon at 20 degrees.
And whenever we have
Venus or the Moon
in Capricorn, what it means is
is that the individual-- forget
it's Popovic-- but
the individual alone
has the capacity to tap into
hierarchical structures.
From an emotional
standpoint, that's
the Moon and from a Venusian
or a relationship standpoint.
So they can actually
bond, work within
a hierarchical structure.
They can work within a corporate
structure or a group structure.
But not only that,
but they would
be attracted to people that had
a significant amount of power
and/or resources.
One of the things that
came out with Popovic
is that he and Stratfor, the
group that gathers intelligence
in Austin for many
parts of the world,
have a very unique relationship.
This came out through the
WikiLeaks cables releases.
He also has a very strong
relationship with George Soros
as well.
So here we have,
in his chart now,
I don't have a time
for him being born,
but you can see here the
aggregation of Aquarius
on the Sun and Aquarius Mercury.
So he is revolutionary
in spirit.
He has actually a really
interesting grand trine
with Saturn here in
Gemini, Pluto in Libra,
and the Sun and
Mercury in Aquarius.
This guy was built
for revolution.
This is the chart
of a revolutionary.
And water, the lack
of water-- no water
means that there's very little
potential for compassion
and emotional capacity.
The emotional reservoir here
is completely tapped and dry.
However, there's a
great deal of energy
here with ideology, with all
the air in the chart as well.
All right.
So let's move on to the
next sign, or the next.
Ah, here we go.
So, now keep in mind that
Popovic is from where?
Serbia.
Right?
He's from Serbia.
And he's basically been leading
these revolutions, especially
in North Africa and
the Middle East,
and now they're
kind of coming home.
They're coming to Ukraine.
Now, who is this guy?
This man is named Gavrilo
Principa or Princip,
Gavrilo Princip, not
Principa, Princip.
Gavrilo Princip is
generally regarded
as one of the all-time losers
on the history of the Earth.
OK.
His story is is
that he is Serbian,
and he was around during
the time of the Hapsburg
dynasty and Archduke
Bishop Ferdinand.
And he was such a loser
that he was rejected
by a number of
revolutionary groups
who were around at that time.
He was finally
picked up by the-- I
guess it would be like the
lowest of the minor league
revolutionary groups
happening in Serbia.
I guess he was a Class A
revolutionary or rookie
league, something like that.
So he was assigned,
at one point,
to be part of this group,
part of this detail that
was going to kill
Archbishop Duke Ferdinand.
And Archbishop
Duke Ferdinand was
a fairly lenient-- at that time,
it was the House of Hapsburg
sort of ruling this area from
the eastern part of Germany,
part of the
Alsace-Lorraine region
in France, part of
Poland, coming down
into the Austria-Hungarian
region, and of course Serbia.
And he was actually a
fairly benevolent leader.
In fact, a case could
be made that, based
on what happened to him,
that despotism might actually
be a viable strategy
when it comes
to ruling people and
their systems in society.
Actually I'm kidding
here, of course.
But he was pretty lenient, and
as a result of his leniency,
there were a number of groups,
a number of radical group
that emerged.
And this group that Princip
was a part of was one of them.
Now, Prince Hapsburg, or
Archduke Bishop Ferdinand, not
Prince Hapsburg,
he went to Sarajevo
for a number of reasons.
He traveled by car.
And one of the reasons
why he traveled by car
was because he wanted to
bring his wife Sophie--
his wife Sophie was not
from the royal bloodline.
She was a quote
unquote, "commoner."
And one of the
deals that he made
to have for her as his
wife was that he could not
show her in public in Austria.
So he actually took
her to Sarajevo
so he could show her off
in this open-air car.
And while they were
driving to Sarajevo,
they were actually shot
at a number of times.
And some of the men who were
guards on his car, standing
on the runners, were
actually killed.
So they went to Sarajevo.
They had their
meeting in Sarajevo.
And things started to get very
heavy, so they had to leave.
And on their way back to
Austria, they missed a turn,
and they had to back the car up.
This guy, Princip,
was standing outside
of a restaurant
eating a sandwich.
And he noticed that the car
had Archduke Bishop Ferdinand
inside the car with his wife.
And he ran up to the
car, and he shot them,
and he killed his
wife who was pregnant,
and then killed Archduke
Bishop Ferdinand as well.
And as a result of
this, what did we have?
We had the start of the World
War I. Now, Archduke Ferdinand,
he was killed on June 28, 1914.
So we are coming up on the
100th anniversary of his death.
A month later, July 28,
1914, World War I starts.
So here we are, we're in a
100-year cycle with World War
I. And you know, World
War I, in many ways,
kicked off the 20th
century and determined
sort of the energy
and the vibration
and the geopolitical
outcomes of the 20th century.
We're going to chart
how that happens.
And here we are a
hundred years later,
and we're on the precipice
of a new 100-year cycle.
And it's happening right
around the same region,
in the same part of the world
that it happened in 1914.
And you also have two characters
who are both of Serbian descent
playing roles in what's
manifesting and unfolding
there.
So this is the
chart for World War
I. I just decided
to bring this up.
This is for Vienna,
Austria 7:30 AM.
And here we have Virgo
on the ascendant,
and we have, again, a
very strong eleventh
house: Sun, Neptune, Mercury.
So we see a recasting
of, in some ways,
the entire portion
of Western and parts
of Eastern Europe as
part of this chart.
And again, we have the eleventh
house with the emphasis,
so we're looking at
Aquarius coming through.
Now, here we have
Mercury in Cancer.
The Sun is at four degrees Leo.
The United States would
eventually enter into this war,
and it would be the
Cancerian agent.
We have Pluto at
1 degree Cancer.
And then between the
space of Pluto and Mercury
is where a number of the
United States' planets--
and in fact, I believe the
United States' Sun is conjunct
Mercury here in
the eleventh house.
It's an interesting chart.
We have Moon here in
Libra at 11 degrees.
Where did we see the Moon
with the Ukrainian Revolution?
It was in the sign of Libra, and
here it's in the second house.
And in the chart that
we looked at before,
the Moon was in
the eighth house.
So the Moon is playing a
role in both of these charts
and in the sign
of Libra as well.
We go to the true node
here, and oh, guess what?
There's Chiron in
Pisces 15 degrees.
If we go back to
the other chart,
we'll see Chiron
again in Pisces.
In this case, Chiron
was in the first house.
Here with World War I, Chiron
is in the seventh house,
which is the house
of relationships.
So we could look at
this from an aspect
that there would be a
number of relationships
that would come into play.
We would have the alliance
of the-- the beginning
of the alliance of Great
Britain, and United
States, and France, and
even Russia to some extent,
all congregating here
in the seventh house.
But with Pisces, what you
have to watch out for,
again, is the
motivation, and you
would have to watch out for
the sense of either compassion,
victimization, delusion,
illusion, all the things we
know about Pisces.
But here it is, Chiron
again in Pisces,
so we're revisiting Chiron as it
relates to the first World War
and what's happening in Ukraine.
We have Jupiter over here in
Aquarius in the sixth house.
So we have another
Aquarian imprimatur,
and of course, Uranus
in the sign of Aquarius.
It's opposing this Leo sun.
The Leo sun would be, in
some ways, the remnants
of the Hapsburg dynasty, right?
This is when Europe was still
being ruled kind of overtly
by the houses of royal
families' bloodlines.
And here we have Uranus
opposing the sun.
This is the energy of revolution
taking place right here.
So it's an interesting
chart, and there
are some things that connect
us back into what we've just
been seeing with Ukraine.
Now, this is the
Treaty of Versailles.
And of course, the Germans
are brought into World War
I via Otto von Bismarck, and the
Germans will lose World War I.
And as a result,
there are reparations
that are placed on
the German government.
There are very
strong sanctions that
are placed upon the
German government,
and the German
government is actually
bankrupted as a result of this.
And the physical and
the economic bankruptcy
results in something
that we'll see.
Here we have-- these
are the top hats that
are at the Treaty of Versailles.
There's Woodrow Wilson.
And he's there,
he's hanging out.
And the top hats generally
represent the Illuminati.
This is what-- this is what
they-- the attire, supposedly,
of the Illuminati
is the top that.
It's a Free Masonic attire.
So here we have the
top hats in full force
at the Treaty of Versailles.
Now, as a result of the
Treaty of Versailles,
again, Germany becomes both
economically and spiritually
and emotionally and
morally kind of bankrupt,
and we have the rise
of the Weimar Republic.
And part of the Weimar
Republic, or part of the Weimar
tradition, sort of
descends into this sort
of burlesque kind of lewd,
slightly pornographic reality
that's taking place in
Germany during that time.
And prostitution was
rampant because there
wasn't a lot of money.
I mean, Germany was broke.
They were, pardon my
expression, flat-ass broke.
And so you have these
undesirable elements sort
of rising up through
the cracks in society.
And if you've seen
the movie "Cabaret,"
they kind of get into
this a little bit.
This is the environment
of the Weimar Republic.
And what happens?
Well, once we have the pendulum
swing in one direction,
it's gotta swing back in
the other direction as well.
And here's the other direction.
This is the rise
of the Third Reich.
And Hitler comes
along, and he decides
he's going to clean up
the Weimar Republic.
He's going to cleanse the
depravity, the pornography.
And here we have the Third Reich
and the rise of the Nazi state.
And it all goes back
to World War I. Why?
Because we go into the
Treaty of Versailles,
and the economic
sanctions that were
leveled against
the German people.
It craters them psychologically.
It craters them emotionally.
It craters them spiritually.
it bankrupts them economically.
And then we have the
reaction, or the solution
to the reaction, manifest
in the Third Reich.
And we all know how that goes.
And here we have the Nuremberg
Trial, where the Nazi war
criminals were tried, and
then eventually hanged.
And out of this, out of
the Nuremberg Trials,
and out of everything that
takes place, and even starting
with World War I,
we see the migration
to the nation-state of Israel.
And it's like, well,
we need a place
where people can
feel safe, right?
I mean, we need a place
where the Jewish society can
repatriate and be in a
location that is their own.
And so we have the rise of
the nation-state of Israel,
and this is on May 14, 1948.
So we can see the evolution
of what's taking place here.
Now, this is Arthur Koestler.
Here's where it's going
to get a little tricky,
so you're going to have
to hang with me little bit
and try to just follow along.
Now, Arthur Koestler,
if we look at him
from a historical
standpoint, he was a Marxist
at one point in
time in his life.
He then became a Zionist
at another point in time
in his life.
And then he wound
up rejecting both.
And he became, really, an
amazing researcher and explorer
in psychological and
psychic phenomena.
But one of the things
that Koestler did
is he looked at his own origins,
the origins of his own family
and where they came from.
And he realized that his
family and other families
like him were descended from,
if we go back to the very first
or one of the first slides, are
descended from the Khazarian
Empire.
So he calls the Khazarian
Empire the "Thirteenth Tribe."
And what's interesting about
Koestler is that he's a Virgo,
and he has this unrelenting
sort of intellect
that will not cease until he's
come to some kind of epiphany
or resolution about what's
driving his interest.
And he was an author
of a number of books,
and this one is a really
controversial book.
There are people that will
disagree with his findings,
although there is a
contemporary scholar from Israel
by the name of Shlomo
Sand who's come up
with pretty much
the same hypothesis.
So the reason I
bring this up here
is because if we
go back to Ukraine
in the first slide,
who ruled Eastern
Ukraine during the
seventh century?
It was the Khazars.
And so what we're seeing
here, in some ways,
is the return of the
Khazarian Empire.
Now, he wrote a very
interesting book
called The Ghost in the Machine.
And The Ghost in the
Machine has to do
with this whole
idea of the holon.
And the holon is an
individual component
of human consciousness,
and it's kind
of a holographic
sort of perspective
of human consciousness.
He was way ahead
of the curve when
it came to some of the
material that has later
become very popular in terms of
new-age thought, consciousness,
and philosophy.
He also wrote a book called
The Roots of Coincidence, which
is still, to this day,
deemed one of the greatest
books on synchronicity.
He was following Jung at this
point in time in his life.
And he had an influence on
some contemporary artists.
Here's The Police, who
did an album called
"Ghost in the Machine."
It's pretty much based
on Koestler's work.
At this point in time, Sting
was reading a lot of Koestler.
It's interesting, if you
flip this upside down,
it actually looks like
666, but we're not
going to do that today.
And here we have
"Synchronicity,"
which is, I believe,
the record that
follows up "Ghost
in the Machine."
So you can tell that Sting
was not only into Jung,
but was also heavily reading
Koestler at the same time.
Here he is reading his
little book on Jung
and synchronicities.
So Koestler had a profound
influence on Sting
and The Police and
their music and art.
Now, here is Victoria
Nuland and Robert Kagan.
They're married.
Victoria Nuland, I've tried
to find a birth date for her.
The only thing I can
find is October, 1961,
which would make her either
a Libra or a Scorpio.
This is her husband.
This is the man who wrote the
Project for the New American
Century, which is kind of the
template for what happened
after 9/11 and the Patriot Act.
And it was deemed--
Project for a New American
Century, the subtitle
was "A Clean Break."
And the clean break was the
break or the demarcation
between being a country,
the United States, that
was going to defend its
territory when and if it
was attacked to being a
country that would be proactive
and would seek out
countries or would seek out
threats and target them, and
then use force when necessary.
It's a very different
philosophy than the philosophy
of being protective or
protecting the borders
or protecting other countries
if the United States'
interests were threatened.
Now, again, if you look
at the United States,
the birthday of the United
States is July 4, 1776,
and that is under
the sign of Cancer.
And Cancer is not a
sign that attacks.
The crab does not attack,
but the crab will defend.
And when we had 9/11/2001,
it changes everything.
It changes the astrological
complexion of the United States
and turns the United States into
a Virgo country in some ways.
And Virgo is quite
nervous, and Virgo
would be a sign that
would be proactive
when it would come
to retaliation
and/or preemptive strikes.
Virgo is a worst-case
scenario sign.
Anyway, Ms. Nuland was in
charge of the area in Ukraine.
And through her husband,
and specifically her,
she got the guy
in that she wanted
to be the leader of Ukraine,
the prime minister of Ukraine.
So here we have these two
people who were inserting--
and by the way, Kagan
is affectionately
known as a neocon.
So now we have the
neocon influence sort
of coming to the
fore in Ukraine.
She's gone now.
She's out of the picture.
And she was replaced
by Jen Psaki,
who is now the envoy for
that part of the world.
So what we've looked at
today in "The Eleventh House"
is we've tried to establish
that there are threads
that run through
history and time.
And again, we're seeing
the sign Aquarius come up
in a fairly large way as
it relates to revolution,
specifically in Ukraine and
in that part of the world.
We can see certain
players emerge.
planets emerge.
And we can see the re-emergence
of a group of people
who are essentially kind of
reclaiming where they came
from, and we're talking
about Eastern Ukraine
and the Khazarian Empire.
Again, it's a controversial
subject, controversial topic,
but that's what we do here
in "The Eleventh House,"
and I hope you found
it interesting, fair,
and balanced.
And until next time,
this is Robert Phoenix.
Take care.
>>[MUSIC PLAYING]